### Primary Backup Replication
1. How to sync for multi-core processes machine--> since there are more randomness for core process scheduling
   It seems it's better to use state machine since it's more robust, as we will get a complete same machine for sure
2. There are lags between primary and backup, so how to handle the problem that when primary machine fails and backup machine need to take over
3. Cut-over(What's this, is that mean the switch between primary and backup)
4. New replication creation
   may need to use state machine to get a complete same backup for primary machine if we create backup machine in the middle of service
5. For state replication(memory sync), do we need to install the same applications for backup machines? Or since we are sync memory so we don't need to care for application level?
    for professor's lecture, it seems we don't need to care about applications since we are syncing low level thing(e.g. instructions on CPU and memory), we don't need the source code to understand what we are syncing. 
    Now what I think is that for the backup to take over primary machine, then we still need to have all the same applications installed since this time we will get real user inputs
6.  Usually There will be many info in log channel since time interruter would generate hundreds of interrupt per seconds and they would be sent to backup machine.
7.  When primary is asked to generate something like random number, backup machine would get this instruction but would not execute it. Instead it would wait for primary machine's answer to be transfered by logging channel and remember it.
8.  Paper assumption
    This system simply gets inputs and gives outputs, and they are mostly form of network packages.
    inputs: Packets--data + interrupt
    werid instructions: for the same instructions, we may get different results on different machines---not considered in this paper
    (Multi-core parallel)---instructions may be interleaved on different cores and generate some werid results---not considered in this paper
    outputs:
9.  Log entry
    instruction number---for wired instruction we may not need to execute it--most are normal instructions
    type--for example, network input or wired instruction
    data
10. Time interrupt
    For primary, VM monitor will receive and deliever time interrupt
    For backup, VM monitor will receive but ignore time interrupt generated by physical machine
    When backup receive an log entry, it will simulate time interrput and go to exact the same state of primary

    Backup machine have an event_buffer, unless it has at least one event in the buffer, it will receive/generate interrupt, or it will not to avoid backup interrupt earlier than primary machine
11. output rule:
    Primary will not generate/release output until backup acknowledge that it receive logs--
12. Another way to implement it:
    inputs go into primary and outputs go out from backup, by this way two can be exact sync--students idea
13. split brain disaster
    Scenario:
    Two backup cannot talk with each other but they can talk with client somehow, in this way, both of them would think that the other is down and they need to go live. They there will be two primary in the network

    Solution:
    Test-And-Set server

14. 